welcome back to our c 101 with the
Daoist flyer and ooh I'm excited today
thanks to our friends at silver lit and
flying toys comm we've been given the
opportunity to test out the new heli
twister from Silverland this aircraft
isn't on the market yet but it will be
very soon and when it hit store shelves
I think people are really going to flip
over it anyway the hell Equestria is
really something new and different and
it's amazing to fly I've been having a
lot of fun testing it out it's a three
channel indoor aircraft that can
actually fly nose up and even upside
down inverted flight is one of those
things that a lot of RC pilots dream
about but never really get to experience
3d capable helicopters are expensive
than they take a lot of skill and
dedication to master
however the heli twister makes flying
inverted as easy as flipping a switch
the way it works is actually more
complex than you might think
it has two main rotors that spin in
opposite directions to keep it in the
air
it has magnetically operated flaps
underneath each rotor that are used to
spend the aircraft and to achieve
forward flight it tilts the entire body
a little bit and to flip it actually
rotates the body around the shaft that
the rotors are connected to it can even
fly left and right by speeding up or
slowing down one of the rotors now it
has three flight modes as well as being
able to drive on the ground you can
change modes by moving the right stick
to the top of middle or bottom when it's
at the top it's in normal flight mode
and normal mode the controls are set up
so that the left stick controls up and
down and the right stick controls spin
and forward motion to move left and
right you can press the two lower
buttons in the center of the transmitter
for quick bursts of left-right motion
you can also press the top button to get
that nose moving up and down for quick
bursts to forward flight and if you
press the middle button it just seems to
make the aircraft spin wildly
when you want to change to nose up
flight you pull the right stick to the
middle and the body will rotate to face
nose up in this boat it works like a 2.5
channel helicopter
you can control up and down and you can
spin using the flaps but there's no
forward flight however you can roll left
and right by pushing the roll buttons
for quick bursts of speed but I found
that with practice you can actually use
the dial that affects the left/right
trim to actually control the aircraft's
left/right motion more precisely when
you want to switch to inverted flight
you pull the right stick all the way
down and the canopy will invert itself
when you're flying upside down it's also
like a 2.5 channel heli the left stick
controls up and down the right stick
controls spin and you can move left and
right with the buttons or by using the
trend dial it does move forwards slowly
on its own when it's upside-down another
interesting feature worth noting is the
small weight in the nose of the canopy
that slides back and forth from what I
can tell it's there so that when the
nose faces up the centre of gravity is
towards the center of the aircraft but
when you're flying a normal mode it
slides forward to change the center of
gravity and help pull the aircraft
forward it's just another example of
brilliant and artistic engineering at
work now there's a trim button below the
right stick that affects spin if the
aircraft is slowly spinning left on its
own click the right trim button until it
stops however if it seems like the trim
isn't having an effect you can twist the
rotors on the shaft in opposite
directions
ever so slightly and it will help
counteract this bed I found that
twisting the rotors like this and using
the trim buttons as well is a great way
to get the aircraft to fly straight now
with this aircraft trim is very
important I found it easier to set the
left right roll trim with the dial first
then I set the spin trim with the
buttons or by twisting the rotors on
your first flight don't worry about
flying upside down until you get the
aircraft trend you want it to hover in
one place without spinning once you get
a trimmed it is amazingly stable it's
very easy to hover spend flip and do all
types of stunts it is hard to turn while
it's flying forward at full speed
because of a little notch on the
transmitter that the right stick slides
into when you push it all the way
forward if you're going fast you need to
stop and then turn and then go forward
again I might try to drill them out to
see if I can fly for
turn at the same time now if you crash
while upside down or nose up don't worry
it's a strong aircraft just remember you
need to return the transmitter stick to
normal flight mode before the rotors
will spin up again now flight times are
pretty long at eight to ten minutes
charge times are quick at about thirty
five minutes and it can be charged with
a silver that USB cable if you have one
it's relatively quiet compared to other
indoor helis and it's very smooth in the
air the fun factor is way up there once
you start flipping and flying around
you've realized that with a little
practice and skill there are some really
cool little stunts you can pull off it's
not like any other aircraft that I've
ever flown and honestly I've had a great
time testing it out it's a great indoor
living room flyer and it looks extremely
cool in the air it's reminiscent of the
hunter-killer from terminator and of one
of my personal favorites the doke model
16 I've always had a thing for a
side-by-side rotor aircraft
I loved the Osprey Full Tilt in the
space Phoenix and I have to say that the
heli twister is another great example of
the type of thing I'd love to see from
silver Litton Air Hogs these type of
aircraft are wonderful examples of
engineering and aircraft design and
they're fun for everyone they're
resilient enough to handle crashes from
novice pilots but they're also fun for
experienced fliers as well I definitely
want to give a special thanks to silver
that in flying toys comm for letting us
test out this amazing aircraft
it'll be on store shelves soon and we
definitely suggest you add one to your
collection and flip to your heart's
content thanks for tuning in to our sea
101 with the Dow's flyer subscribe and
stay tuned for more